So now let's talk
about the AWS IAM Identity Center
which is a successor
to the surveys called the AWS Single Sign-On.
So if you see one or the other at the exam,
just know that the feature
is to give you a single sign-on.
So one login for all your AWS accounts
in your organization which is mostly
where the exam is testing you on.
But also, you're going to have one login across
Business cloud applications,
SAML2.0 enabled applications,
and your EC2 Windows Instances.
So the user logs in and has access
to everything you define for that user have access to.
And in terms of the identity providers,
So where the user data is stored,
where you can have a built-in identity store
in the IAM Identity Center,
or you can connect to a third party identity store
such as Microsoft Active Directory,
or OneLogin or Okta.
The idea here is that from an exam perspective,
anytime you see one access to multiple AWS accounts,
you have to think about the IAM Identity Center.
So very simply, what does it look like?
Well, you log in through this one URL,
and then you provide your username and password.
Then, you have access
to the AWS IAM Identity Center portal,
which is, I'm showing you mine right now,
have access to four accounts under my organization.
And then, I can click on one of them
and click on management console
and I'm going to have direct access
to the management console of a specific account.
All of this just by remembering one login
versus remembering four logins
for all of my accounts,
and managing my users across my accounts
in a central manner instead
of managing it on a per account basis.
So it's very powerful,
and that's all you need to know for the exam.
I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.